Why doesn't Dad come back to China with us?
Dad has work to do
He will come to us when he is done.
Come on, let's go find grandpa
Xiao Di's name is grandpa
Grandpa Di
Really not Xiao Di
You go out with auntie first
Mom will find you later
Wan Wan
Is Xiaodi the child of you and Huaijin?
Zhou Huaijin and I are divorced. We are divorced.
Is it that kid?
What did I do to apologize to you?
Okay, don't pretend to care about me
They all say you're sick
How come?
I fainted in Yuli last week
Sent to the hospital for examination
Advanced lung cancer
advanced lung cancer
What are you?
Did you deserve it?
It was because you were greedy for cherry blossoms and stole Xiaoli
Killed so many people
And my mom committed suicide
I will never forgive you
Do it yourself
Mom and Dad were framed
frame
Who will call you and me first?
I can't say
Dad, do you believe dad?
Dad did this to protect you
Mom, what are we doing here?
Mom invited grandpa's friend Uncle Chen home
Let's talk about something here.
Mom, it's Uncle Zhou on TV.
Everything that goes abroad tomorrow is ready for you.
Sister Hua
Long time no see.